SLEEPTRACKER
Status Update for Week of 11/4: Second Iteration

=> Goals for the iteration (as agreed upon at the planning meeting):
1. Bug/crash fixes (ONGOING)

2. Implement User Profile creation and modification (COMPLETED)
 a) Allow profile creation (COMPLETED)
 b) Implement user profile modification (COMPLETED)

3. Implement more comprehensive testing framework (ONGOING)

4. Implement concentration, fatigue and productivity self-assessment (COMPLETED)
a) Allow users to enter self-assessment ratings for a given day (COMPLETED)
b) Allow modification of self-assessment ratings (COMPLETED)

5. Iterate on User Interface design (ONGOING)
a) Update application-wide color scheme to be more yellow, less orange
b) Update chart color scheme to be clearer (ONGOING)
c) Update SHS logo to new design (COMPLETED)

6. Filter sleep tips based on user profile, if available, as well as collected
data (ONGOING)

7. Automatic logging of naps based on time of day that sleep begins (COMPLETED)

=> Goals added since kick-off meeting:
2. c) Add ability to view and modify user profile quickly from any screen in
the application (ONGOING)

5. d) Improve User Interface on older Android devices (ONGOING)

8. Include additional and Penn-specific sleep tips (COMPLETED)

=> Progress Update for week of 11/4:
-  Finished user profile creation and modification implementation
 Target goal: 2a), 2b)

- Added more comprehensive tests
 Target goal: 3)

- Implemented ability to view and modify concentration self-assessment when
viewing logged data for a given day
 Target goal: 4a), 4b)

- Updated logo and application icon
 Target goal: 5c)

- Implemented automatic logging of naps vs sleep based on time of day
(10pm - 6am: Sleep, 8am - 8pm: Nap, otherwise, prompt user to select)
 Target goal: 7)

- Added Penn-specific sleep tips to the database
 Target goal: 8)

=> Next Steps:
- Select sleep tips to be displayed from the database based on attributes of
the user's profile and data collected
 Target goal: 6)

- User interface improvements
 Target goal: 5a), 5b), 5c), 5d)

- Testing and documentation of new functionality
 Target goal: 1), 3)
